Hello. Thank you for calling Sui's. I'm
Mici, your AI ordering assistant. What
cue-2
can I get started for you today?
cue-3
This is a to-go order. I would like to
order a tuna roll.
cue-4
Which would you like?
cue-5
We have Tekka Maki, which has seasoned
rice and raw lean tuna; Spicy Tuna Roll,
cue-6
which has tuna, chili sauce, spicy mayo,
and cucumber; or Tempura Spicy Tuna Roll
cue-7
that has spicy tuna, which is battered and
deep-fried.
cue-8
Hmm. I'll take the Tempura Tuna Roll.
cue-9
Got it. Tempura Spicy Tuna Roll. Anything
else?
cue-10
Nope. That will do it.
cue-11
Okay, let's see.
cue-12
That will be fourteen dollars and
ninety-five cents plus tax. Let me get the
cue-13
total.
cue-14
The tax is one dollar and nineteen cents,
bringing the total to sixteen dollars and
cue-15
fourteen cents. Name for the pickup?
cue-16
Jonas.
cue-17
Can I get your phone number, Jonas?
cue-18
It's six two nine one two three four three
two one.
cue-19
Okay, Jonas. I am sending you a text
confirming your order and your consent to
cue-20
send payment via swipe.
cue-21
-Okay. Done.
-Thanks for the confirmation. Now sending
cue-22
request for Stripe payment. One moment
while I process the
cue-23
order. Got it. Thanks for the payment.
Your order will be ready
cue-24
in 15 minutes. I am sending your payment
confirmation and receipt.
cue-25
Thanks for placing your order with Sui's.
Goodbye.